Improve documentation regarding delayed startup (#242)
emersion/mako: README.md

mako implements the [GNOME Desktop Notifications Specification][gnome-draft].

> Feel free to join the IRC channel: #emersion on irc.freenode.net.

Reviewer: The channel name is ##emersion, not #emersion.

Author: My bad, though it was a typo :sweat:

## Running

> `mako` will run automatically when a notification is emmited. This happens via

Reviewer: Typo: emitted

> `mako` will run automatically when a notification is emmited. This happens via

Author: ```suggestion
`mako` will run automatically when a notification is emitted. This happens via
```

> DBus-activation, so you don't really need to explicitly start it up (this also

Reviewer: "D-Bus activation"

> DBus-activation, so you don't really need to explicitly start it up (this also

Author: ```suggestion
D-Bus activation, so you don't really need to explicitly start it up (this also
```
